In this lecture we will learn about the padding properties that CSSA allows us to animi the padding
properties we can animate using CSSA or padding padding bottom padding left padding right and padding
top.
In this example we will animate the padding left property to animate the text moving from left to right
on the web page.
First we will create the text that we will animate next lets say it our opening and closing style tags
we will stylize our text and give it an animation of padding Annam a duration of one second and make
it loop using the infinite keyword lets write the code for our animation we will name the animation
padding and will specify that the padding left property will go from a value of zero pixels to a value
of 120 pixels.
When we run our code in the web browser you should see the animation in the next lecture.
We will learn how we can animate the words spacing and the letter spacing properties using C Ss.